chore(derived_code_mappings): Remove call out (#14283)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/organization/integrations/source-code-mgmt/github/index.mdx

<Alert>

> Sentry will automatically try to set up code mappings on certain platforms for organizations with the GitHub integration installed ([more details](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/master/src/sentry/issues/auto_source_code_config/constants.py)). If your project uses a different SDK, you can add code mappings manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry will automatically try to set up code mappings on C#, Clojure, Go, Groovy, Java, JavaScript, PHP, Python, Ruby, and Scala for organizations with the GitHub integration installed. If your project uses a different SDK, you can add code mappings manually.
```

I know it's going to require some more maintenance but I'd personally prefer that we explicitly list those platforms here to save users an extra click plus having to understand that file.
